Add non-Enterprise approach of reverse proxying with Cloudflare (#6163)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/advanced/proxy/cloudflare.md

showTitle: true
---

> To use Cloudflare for reverse proxying, make sure that you're logged into your Cloudflare account, and that you've added your domain ("website" in Cloudflare parlance) to the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Cloudflare for reverse proxying, make sure that you're logged into your Cloudflare account, and that you've added your domain (called "website" in Cloudflare) to the account.
```

> There are two ways of going about this. The first one – involving Cloudflare Workers – is a bit more setup, but can be used on all Cloudflare plans. The second one – involving Page Rules – is simpler, but requires the Cloudflare Enterprise plan. Choose accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to do this:
1. Using [Cloudflare Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/). This is a bit more setup, but can be used on all Cloudflare plans. 
2. Using [Page Rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/support/page-rules/understanding-and-configuring-cloudflare-page-rules-page-rules-tutorial/). This is simplest method, but requires the Cloudflare Enterprise plan.
```

> ## A. Proxy using Cloudflare Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Method one: Proxy using Cloudflare Workers
```

```JavaScript
const API_HOST = "app.posthog.com" // Change to "eu.posthog.com" for the EU region

async function handleRequest(event) {
    const pathname = new URL(event.request.url).pathname
    if (pathname.startsWith("/static/")) {
        return retrieveStatic(event, pathname)
    } else {
        return forwardRequest(event, pathname)
    }
}

async function retrieveStatic(event, pathname) {
    let response = await caches.default.match(event.request)
    if (!response) {
        response = await fetch(`https://${API_HOST}${pathname}`)
        event.waitUntil(caches.default.put(event.request, response.clone()))
    }
    return response
}

async function forwardRequest(event, pathname) {
    const request = new Request(event.request)
    request.headers.delete("cookie")
    return await fetch(`https://${API_HOST}${pathname}`, request)
}

addEventListener("fetch", (event) => {
    event.passThroughOnException()
    event.respondWith(handleRequest(event))
})
```

When done, click "Save and deploy".

### 3. Use a custom domain for the worker

> It's optional, but highly recommended, to use your own domain instead of the basic `*.workers.dev` one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is optional, but highly recommended. 
```

> To do this, go to the worker page (by exiting the code editor, if you're still in it) and there click "View" under "Custom Domains". Just click "Add Custom Domain", type in a subdomain, and save with "Add Custom Domain". The subdomain can be anything, even `pineapple.yourdomain.com` – just remember to avoid terms like "tracking" or "analytics", as they may be blanket-blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use your own domain instead of the basic `*.workers.dev` one, go to the worker page (by exiting the code editor, if you're still in it) and there click "View" under "Custom Domains". Click "Add Custom Domain", type in a subdomain, and save with "Add Custom Domain". The subdomain can be anything, even `pineapple.yourdomain.com` – just remember to avoid terms like "tracking" or "analytics", as they may be blanket-blocked.
```

### 4. Use the new host in SDKs

> You can now use your worker's domain (shown under "Preview" on the worker page) as `api_host` in PostHog SDKs! If you've added a custom domain in step 2a, use that instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use your worker's domain (shown under "Preview" on the worker page) as `api_host` in PostHog SDKs! If you've added a custom domain in step 3, use that instead.
```

> ## B. Proxy using DNS and Page Rules with Cloudflare Enterprise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Method two: Proxy using DNS and Page Rules with Cloudflare Enterprise
```

> Proxying traffic using DNS is banal. However, it requires correcting the Host headers for proxied requests, which is only available on the Cloudflare Enterprise plan. If your domain is on this plan, follow these steps:

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean by banal?
```suggestion
Proxying traffic using DNS is relatively straight-forward. However, it requires correcting the Host headers for proxied requests, which is only available on the Cloudflare Enterprise plan. If your domain is on this plan, follow these steps:
```
